Dang, I should really start this.


<p>Ahh yes, the classic first blog post. Perhaps I should write about something profound: what my life goals are, what the goals of this blog/website are, what I'm going to be eating for dinner. Maybe. But I just can't bring myself to write any of these things. Why? I have no idea what my life goals are, no idea what this place is going to be for, and more importantly, no idea what I'm eating for dinner (looking like salad and sausages at this point though).</p>

<p>However, there has been something on my mind, and it's been there ever since I bought the domain for tonycui.me at the end of last year. I constantly thought, and still think, to myself: I need to get this website finished. I need to start writing things. I need to start being more productive with my day. It's constantly been in the back of my mind, just like that paper you've had the entire semester to write. And yet, it's been four months and just now have I gotten around to making this first post. Why was I procrastinating and putting this off for so long? A website as simple as this one doesn't take a whole lot of time to finish. I don't think there's a simple answer for that question. Maybe it was the timing of things - I'm in a completely new city, living with new people, and working at a new job, so there's plenty of other things to do. Maybe my other hobbies were taking priority - I'm currently trying to learn bass guitar, play tennis, and grind my way through Final Fantasy XIV content. But, I think the real answer to that was I simply wasn't motivated enough, and that's something I need to fix.</p>

<p>Don't get me wrong, I love exploring technology, solving problems, and creating things that make people go "ooh" and "ahh." In fact, I want my entire life to be about that, but there currently is very little physical value for my having this website up. In fact, it's costing me more than the gains it's providing me, and that's saying something considering I'm only paying $15/year for the domain and hosting's free on Heroku. However, I think there is a lot of "mental" value, if you will, for giving me a medium to just spew my thoughts on. You may have noticed that this entire post seems to just jump all over the place, and that's because it probably is. I'm vomitting on my keyboard (figuratively) and writing anything that's coming to mind. This is probably a good thing, since I have a tendency to keep to myself and bottle my feelings away like every psychiatrist in movies say I shouldn't do. Maybe I'll get into the habit of writing down what comes to mind, and in turn, break down some of the mental barriers I've put up over the years. Maybe. <sup>man, this is getting deep</sup></p>

<p>Still, it's not only random postings that I'll be needing to add to this site. There's still a lot of work to be done. Right now, I'm writing this in plaintext which will need to formatted by hand. There probably needs to be a portal where I can just write on there and not worry about manual formatting for every entry (Redactor seems to be the way to go, since I've already used it for Planboard). And, where there's a portal, there needs to be an authentication system, and then it's an easy step to adding users, and that leads quickly to comments, kudos, and social interactions, and soon enough, I'll have an entire social network going on at tonycui.me. Ok, maybe not, but even the authentication is just something I don't think I have the time to implement yet, at least not in the next couple of weeks. My internship at Bazaarvoice is ending next week, then I'll be back in Fort St. John for a bit before heading back to Waterloo for my fourth year. Oh well, looks like it might be manual entry for the next little bit. Hopefully, I don't put off the next post for four months.</p>